hi my name is Karen Hoffa and we're
going to be talking about the new M
cloth cloth the new cloth simulation for
2013 3 study max let's create a box
a rectangle roughly like so and then
we'll copy that rectangle over and we'll
move them both above the ground plane
now I'm going to turn on AutoKey because
we're going to simulate tearing and in
the last frame I'm going to pull this
box out this way
so now I'll create a plane in the top
viewport and then I'm going to and as
before I'm going to add my modify it now
I'll select the vertices at the edges of
of one edge of the box click on click on
make group I'm going to call this side
and instead of pen I'm going to use the
note the note will listen you see how my
cursor has changed to a picker the note
will listen for which object you click
on next and I've clicked on this box so
now these vertices in the simulation
will follow the sparks as you'll notice
if I run simulate the vertices are now
attached to that box and it's been
pulled by it now on the other side learn
to do the same thing grab these vertices
make group and then note to the school
now if we run the simulation will see
that the cloth is being kind of
stretched by both sides but notice how
the center is being stretched a lot less
than the outer versus this because the
cloth is set to zero stretchiness so to
fix that headset that stretchiness to
zero point maybe and rerun the
simulation you'll see that this stretch
is now occurring in a much more natural
fashion in addition to that we don't
want it to be so stiff when it actually
rips so we're going to turn this up to
so now we're going to make us a third
group which is really a tear
select your vertices in the middle and
click on make tail now if we click back
on em claws and we go to our perspective
view and run simulate
you'll notice that it has automatically
set a tear for the for the clock now it
automatically turned it on by default
this is turned off allow tearing this
this turn itself on because we selected
the vertices and we made a tear
I hope you enjoyed this em cloth
tutorial for 3ds 3ds max 2013 subscribe
thumbs up if you want to see some more
videos yeah I hope you do something
really cool with it thank you for
watching and my name is Kevin hopper see
you soon